um I'm really thrilled to introduce our
first Speaker Tabitha rosaire tabara is
infinity incarnated into an agent of
healing who uses art as a means to
unfold the soul her cross-dimensional
practices Envision Network Sciences
organic electronic and spiritual as
healing Technologies to serve the shift
towards heart Consciousness navigating
digital corporeal and ancestral memory
as sites of struggle she digs into
scientific imaginaries to tackle the
pervasive Matrix of coloniality and the
protocols of energetic misalignments
that affect the songs of our body mind
spirits
inspired by Quantum and Cosmic mechanics
Tabitha's work is rooted in time spaces
where technology and spirituality
intersect as fertile ground to nourish
visions of connection and emancipation
through screen interfaces and Collective
offerings her digital healing and energy
streams remind us to access our own
inner data center to bypass Western
Authority and download directly from
source
Tabata is based near Cayenne in French
Guiana where she is currently studying
Agriculture and birthing amacaba her
vision for Collective healing in the
Amazonian Forest which you're just about
to hear a little bit about
she has a bachelor in economics and a
master of research in artists moving
image from Central St Martins Tabitha is
a founding member of the artist group
NTU and half of the duo maloxa and the
mother of the energy house senap we're
so thrilled to have her and without
further Ado I present Tabitha brazier
welcome to the Amazonian Forest of
Fringe again my name is
I'm an artist Yogi Doula but essentially
I'm a spiritual Seeker longing to
experience the depths of existence and
it is from this ancestral land that I'd
like to share with you my vision amakava
oh
amakava is a Healing Center it's a place
for the transmission of the wisdom of
the Earth the body and the sky
it's a space of gathering of
experimentation
collaboration of celebration in the
middle of the forest throughout science
and spirituality the ambition is to
contribute to a more conscious and
responsible way of living and being and
to respond creatively to the many
challenges we Face ecologically socially
politically and to heal from the the
trauma the trauma of the land of our
bodies Our wombs our communities
above all it's about establishing a
spiritual anchor a place to celebrate
our ancestors the river the forest its
spirit and to nurture our intimacy with
each other ourselves the land and the
whole of creation
for this amacaba is building an
agroecological farm right now I'm
studying Agriculture and planning to
grow cacao I've been called by this
plant and being initiated by its wisdom
so we are setting up an agroforestry
system because agriculture should not be
synonymous with deforestation especially
in the Amazonian context
we are planning to design an autonomous
system in terms of energy and waste
management considering the whole
infrastructure as an organism and
architecture as medicine
is also home to Yoga Center I've been
teaching Kundalini Yoga for six years
and the science of yoga has been
transformational in my healing journey
to understand the power of the body its
memory its wisdom and the need to align
Body Mind and Spirit always Guided by
the wisdom of the womb womb healing is
Central to a macabre's vision through
Doula work and advocacy our mission is
also here to support mothers and the
Next Generation in their transition to
Earth amacaba is about birth on so many
levels from the birth of a plant of a
child of another dimension of existence
from seeds to planets the exploration of
the celestial Wellness is also part of
the vision we'll build an observatory
above the canopy for astronomical
observation stargazing full moon
meditation a place to experience the
Infinity of the sky
amacaba is also holding ceremonies and
celebration for the ancestors for the
spirit of the forest the spirit of the
water for the Harvest birth death and
all great transitions of existence in
alignment with the rhythm of the sky The
Equinox the solstice and the moon cycle
is an offering in reverence of the
ancestors like a place of initiation a
place to be transformed to grow to bloom
like in a womb to be reversed Guided by
the Amazonian Forest
if this Vision finds resonance within
you and Macabre needs you your support
your talent your prayers to find the
land that will receive this vision and
all my seedling growing in the nursery
I hope to receive you till one day thank
you to the land the ancestors and to you
all
again I'm here with Julia and Tabitha
um what an amazing presentation
um the vision for amacaba is just so
refreshing it's like a drink of cool
water
um in our current landscape you know I
live here in Silicon Valley and you know
when I hear people starting new
initiatives it's so rooted in things
that are not connected to the Earth that
are not connected to ourselves and so
you know learning more about what you're
up to has really been inspiring to me
and so it was really great to learn more
about it
um tell us a little bit about where you
are
um and you know kind of what you're up
to right now down in French Guiana
yes so I'm in French Guyana a little
piece of land in South America in the
Amazonian Forest and now I'm in a little
cabin where I live I can try and show
you but uh
like this bit of a little mess and I
tried to um
I guess create the intimacy with the
forest you know so that's really like
the what brought me here I think and
then from which I channel that that
Vision you know that I think my
ancestors had for me
and and I'm hoping to make it happen
it's starting a little bit by little bit
I'm not almost done with my farming
studies I finished in one month
I can't wait to be done with good
I didn't realize you were studying as
well so what is what is your what are
you doing a farming education
yes so I'm done in a month hopefully I
get my exams okay uh yes it's been quite
intense you know for a year like from
eight to five thirty P.M every day you
know going back to school I was not
ready for that but
so is this education part of the project
like is this information yes yes for
sure because like part of the vision is
like to
retrieve or to engage in a in a healing
relationship with the land with uh
bodies and when with the Beyond you know
so with the land like farming is a key
element of our
of our nourishment on all levels you
know like literally like food the way we
eat how we eat from where the food comes
how we found it also like more like
spiritual nourishment you know like how
we
realize the
transform energy like when you eat it's
like a food that's willing to give its
life in order to give us life you know
in this like
sacrificial devotion in a way something
so beautiful and when you realize
everything that has went through like
all the work all the hands all the labor
the sand the water the worms the insects
the microorganism everything it took for
you to have that bite you know it's
you're so beautiful you see so I had to
or for me I wanted to know more
like
and be Hands-On you know because you can
think about farming you have all this
idea and your women to size it all I
don't know but it's it's hard it's very
very hard you know and the way farming
is set up in many regions in the world
it's uh
it's quite violent you know yes and
there's a lot of suicide in farming
communities as well because they're like
quiz you know in so many ways so yeah I
think farming is really like key on so
many like social political ecological
medicinal as well like
Industries you know we really have to
look at with more
I don't know humility and reverence so I
wanted to be a part of this as well and
yeah so to know it you have to do it so
yeah here I am trying to be a farmer
amazing have you started planting
already or yeah
yes uh so I want to grow cacao so I have
my little Nursery I have about two three
okay I had 500 little cacao trees yeah
so it's a lot of them died I'm gonna be
very honest with everybody I've been the
bad man
um yeah I mean I guess it's part of you
know
so many characters yeah exactly it's not
a failure on your mothering I'm sure I'm
in a little bit actually you know I mean
a little bit like quite frankly there is
the the dry seasons it was my first dry
season as a farmer which is very
different from like
any other way to experience the dry
season so like for the plan you have to
be there like water them like twice a
day because you know it's hot
and then the other thing that came up
with that is um well I don't want to go
too deep but uh
how am I gonna say this like shame
basically like the more I neglected my
plants in the nursery the less I wanted
to engage with it
and I felt like I was taken over by
shame like oh my god I've been such a
bad mother and you know the leaves
starting to get brown on the edges and
like curling I'm like oh my God they're
drying and the more they were going bad
the less I wanted to look and the less I
wanted to engage so it took me
so long to actually like okay come on I
can't you know let them all die you know
so then I kind of you know went back but
I realized how much shame is paralyzing
you know and how it happened to all of
us in so many different areas of our
life that when we think we when we feel
shame we tend to not look you know and I
think our society at large is kind of
going through that you know on so many
different areas they're like okay not
looking at what we're complicit of you
know not looking at what not going good
and like instead of like being
responsible for it and like acting
towards some abandonment who just like
avoid so I did it
I mean what a powerful lesson though
because I think that that you know I
think that that's an experience that I
mean it's so relatable to me like you
know I I had that moment this week
because I just moved to a new apartment
and I had like trash piled up in my
kitchen and I just didn't want to take
it out like just something stupid like
that you know and the more I looked at
it the more I didn't want to look at it
and the more I couldn't deal with it you
know and I think that that is something
that speaks to
so many aspects of what the kind of you
know psychology of what's going on in
our world today with the ecological
disaster
um the climate crisis and all of the you
know the horrible things that are going
on in the world you know we're just you
know just this week we were talking
yesterday about the Facebook leaks and
the whistleblowers that have come out
that reveal how even people in the on
platforms who are seeing you know uh
genocide and political upheaval being
stirred on their platforms you know they
kind of look the other way
um and I have to assume that you know
you know I I have to assume that's out
of Shame
um you know and no other reason not you
know because you know I I hate to think
that those the intentions are more
nefarious than that you know I have to
think that it's like you know something
bad is happening and we can't control it
and we just want to look away
um and I mean how did you overcome that
feeling
um because I think that you know that's
something that we all need to do in
different aspects of our lives in order
to think through a more holistic View
view of living on this planet
um and connecting with each other uh and
it's yeah it's hard
what I guess
I mean it demands like different
ingredients and you know I think a lot
of Courage
a lot of commitment
and a trust and that's very hard
ingredients to Source you know because
you come then you can't get them from
anywhere else than from you you know so
I think it's cultivating that uh
I don't know if it's self-respect or
thinking that you deserve you know to
live a life that's more like nourishing
to yourself and maybe understanding how
we all like interdependent and the
better
you treat yourself and you're gonna be
better able to treat others but not just
like human others like plant others you
know land others like Spirit others
element others and that all these
you know
um
in conversation always and they affect
everybody you know so we tend to be so
separate always to separate separate
separate hierarch arise that's not the
world so you know place like hierarchies
between all like life forms but
I think the more you connect you know
you allow yourself to
I don't know to meet you know
then something beautiful can happen and
then it shifts you and then you
you do things differently I can go that
has been my process you know my my
journey really
absolutely absolutely I mean you know
and I think that like that's something
that's always really inspired me about
you tabara is I think your openness to
other things and to Bringing things into
you know I think a lot of times these
people we close ourselves off to
externalities and we kind of hide behind
a shell or behind a veil
um and you know to me in one way to
start thinking through a world in
protocol that's more healing uh more
connected more rooted in uh the world
around us
um you know and as you said all of those
different beings living non-living
um we have to be open and we have to
open our hearts a little bit and that
might sound a little bit corny but it's
it's really true
it's very true and very home yeah we
have to do the work as well like it's it
take like especially like in the
parameters we're set up culturally like
there's a lot of work to build
connectivity like it's not
like especially authentic like
connectivity with the Earth and our food
and like these are things that are just
readily yeah
you know yes yes and I think
I don't know because oh that has been my
process you know I don't know there
might be many different doors for sure
they are but
like this craving and Discerning that we
have for connection we all have it you
know we all want to have very Like
Loving gentle trusting relationship with
the world around us to feel like safe
you know that in order to have that I
think it's like to understand like which
places or which apparatus makes us
disconnected you know to understand and
spend time in the disconnection you know
how does it operate so I spent many
years I guess for my work and this
talking about all the ills you know
because for me that was a way in but the
more I was
I don't know maybe pointing at you know
or like societies ills and all the the
violence the oppression the
the trauma you know that we all carry
collectively
it was brought
it back to me you know in the trauma I
was carrying you know the trauma of my
lineage and then going in like ancestral
work and how like we pass down like
wounds whether from yes or ancestors or
from your community or from the land you
live on and more like generally the
society you live in you know
and see how like to
to work with those staff in you
and that's what's hard because it's
really easy to say like
but then it's like oh
it's like oh actually it's me yeah like
I'm the issue also you know not to you
know this everything is but
um
that's a that's the challenge really
but I mean you're you're doing the hard
work right now you're in your ancestral
Homeland you know learning to connect
with that space doing all of these
things that you've never done before and
trying to learn and you know open
yourself in that way
um I'd love to hear more about you know
how that experience has been going so
far
um and you know kind of some of the
things that you've you've learned or
found surprising um you know in your
time uh since you know starting to
create amacaba right I mean I don't know
so much has happened I can there's just
so many stories I could fail but uh
actually okay this morning for instance
I went to meet like an elder who is a
midwife you know and who has collected I
mean actually she is herself not to
Midwife but she spent her whole like
adult life like going around she's more
like a medicinal plant woman and going
around different like midwives you know
to learn about the ancient way or
traditional way of like birth giving and
for meeting with her today was just
super fun and actually realized we were
like parented so that's crazy but
but it was just so beautiful and like
the the transmission so big part of the
work of amacaba it's really about like
transmission like intergenerational
transmission to gather you know the the
stories the Technologies the the ways of
being and living
with the forest you know and you know
she was telling me about like women to
like go like you know in the little Pub
in their boats with the forest to fetch
the plants you know that the mother
would need or you know for the baby for
after birth
and they're just so nourishing you know
and so beautiful
that's I mean this is something that
really resonates with me you know my
grandma was a midwife my great-grandma
was a midwife so it's uh it's in the
lineage you know so I think I'm also
called to to follow that you know and
like in this environment
there's a
yeah
I don't know how to say songs let's say
and plan schooling that have many
stories to tell about that you know and
I feel like it's really about birth on
so many levels you know from the birth
of a of a child you know or bursting
like you know a pregnant being into like
motherhood because that's an initiation
in itself and that's a bursting from a
stage of existence to a birthing of a
plant you know how you burst a tree from
like the plant that you grow and you you
don't allow it to burn or die but
the best of a tree of food or the birth
of a of a community really you know of a
place of of gathering so so yeah and
studying the birth of the world because
there's a lot of um we also gather like
cosmological and cosmoganies you know
about like creation how did we
come here how did we arrive and all the
stories have so much like uh
Mysteries you know and uh and poetry
really
that's beautiful
um everyone is I just need to think
about that for a second
it's amazing I mean do you feel like
this is you okay
I mean is this like because you had you
I mean you have you haven't had a very
like digital based art practice
so now that like you're making this
transition does that does that I mean
that obviously is your practice now that
is your dedication but like does that
exist in like an art world or art like
cultural context for you that you can
then sort of make I mean you're talking
about transmission so I'm just thinking
about like ways that the public can be
sort of engaged with the work that
you're doing outside have you been like
considering that or
um
yes so
I tried social media I did not manage
I don't think it's from me yet we'll see
yeah
um
but then
I don't know
I've been having a lot of like tension
you know with uh with that question of
art world that were you know they think
maybe it was not healthy I thought I had
to remove myself from the art world to
go into that new phase of my life so I
think they can be like bridge that can
be very fertile you know actually and
um
yes for sure you know so then I don't
know yet what form it will take but I
don't think artwork necessarily but for
instance now okay I'm working with the
architect uh Yousef aguola and we are
designing not just design designing but
we're gonna build a earth a soil Temple
so it's for initially a museum you know
that commission it but then it's going
to be sent back to the forest we're
using like the art for like prototype
you know and then so it's really going
to exist as a as a as a temple for the
soul you know so the way I'm designing
also a Macabre it's really
um trying to engage with architecture as
a as medicine as a sacred as how to
build like a womb you know to experience
a space in a certain way to understand
like a building as a as an entity yeah
so this uh this space when it's done
this soil Temple it's really going to be
a space to
for the spirit of the Soul not to
connect with the spirit to talk to it to
feed it you know and to like make
therapy it's um
uh how can I explain it's a traditional
Amazonian way of working the soil of
fertilizing the soil you know so
so yes a different space are going to be
built like this you know a space to to
burst a space to to die for transition
for different initiation for the
mountain for the river so like each
Spirits can have their place when they
can be honored you know like shrines so
that's very important so maybe that's
the way you know art can kind of be
involved and to allow people that might
not come to the forest too expensive
offerings for instance yeah I just think
like large the larger audiences need to
like have access to the work that you're
doing like in some in some way to invite
just to spread that message I think it's
very obviously like as we're talking
about very important
I hope you know like that
I mean it's not first it's not just I
hope by saying that it's gonna be like
it's just one of many you know like many
people and many people around me a lot
of women actually are like engaging
themselves with like pieces of land
creating things you know there's a a
calling you know and I really think it's
an ancestral calling you know like that
some people are responding to you know
and allowing themselves to maybe take
the leap that it demands because it is
frightening you know it's not no way you
see
but to to just dwell in that trust and
like okay okay I've been asked okay I'll
do it and it was bad for me you know so
I didn't want to come to French Guyana
like I and I have the voicemail
no what am I gonna do there like why
like no way
and then one day I was like okay one
year
okay that's all no and I came for one
year and I was like what am I doing here
and then one you can two three and now
it's four and I'm like oh okay I
understand yeah okay fine you know yeah
yeah you're in it now you've responded
making yourself available for what wants
to work
through you you know in you like as you
what yes and I think we all like have
that you know in different ways you know
so many people are responding to that
same call that same energy to
pen to the land you know like work with
the land learn from it like go with it
because there's so much
blessings and resource and so much
understanding the more you
I don't know there's so much wisdom
there I know issue there to this look
you know observe and listen because
we've lost that um I mean we've lost I
don't know like some or I did you know
let me just speak for myself the
the quality of learning of knowing from
observation you know
but it's so profound to
[Music]
it's like oh wow and it's such a
different form of knowing you know yeah
that's uh we don't really care so it's
hard to cultivate that in a city
environment you know what you look at
your screen your phone
oh sorry Julia oh I was gonna ask like
how I mean maybe we can discuss or like
seek your advice on like a lot of us
that live in urban environments how we
can employ maybe just a fraction of like
the work that you're doing in our lives
because you know we to immerse ourselves
in the way that you're doing I think is
is not going to be accessible for
everyone so like
what are some things that like some
practices maybe that you've learned or
some rituals that you have found like
that are small that like you found very
impactful
right uh
[Music]
just feed the the forest you know go to
any even a park I mean look at that I
love feeding
even people I love serving food you know
or like every day I bring food you know
to the forest or when I go to the sea I
bring some food you know I give like
it's
I I don't know if it's something very
special for me you know it's like you
you've received so much you know from
the those environment from the trees you
know the piece of nature you breathe
through this like symbiotic relationship
like you know feel the soil a little bit
you know and I mean there's more to it
it's more like a spiritual feeling of
like the spirit of it but like just to
cultivate I think is very important
attitude of offering
you know and if we can't yet become an
offering ourselves you know like to
offer ourselves fully to the Divine or
to however you want to call it you know
yeah to false greater than you yes to
like goal is greater than your own
personal through something that's
just offer something you know like
yeah not to have that like
I know that bowing
energy it's it's very profound so that I
think in that shift you know
yeah to me I mean you know I
the you know I think that something
really struck me that when you said you
know you spoke about being observational
and learning to observe directly and not
being a really profound technique for
really approaching this
interconnectedness and that really spoke
to me because I think that you know in
our contemporary world most of our
knowledge comes from assumptions it
comes from an image that we saw on our
feed it comes from a tweet of somebody
else's opinion it's everything is so
abstracted from The Source
um and you know we think that we know
things because just because we've seen
them but seeing is not the same as
observing you know as you said and
um you know it that really feels like a
practical you know tangible thing a
tangible practice that can be employable
in order to do that and that can be done
in an urban setting because you know an
urban setting is kind of like a jungle
in its own way a concrete jungle and
there's so much interconnectedness
happening there you know I was just
walking the other day um and I was
thinking about this you know um and I it
was night time and I saw a raccoon run
across the road I live in San Francisco
um and I you know it just this moment of
like oh my gosh like there is a huge
large furry mammal that is wild living
in this place and you know I just think
that I'm a person and this is a place
for people
um and you know all of these other
beings are just like you know just you
know out of my mind and that's such a I
just was struck by how damaging that
felt like I caught that thought I was
like oh like this is a moment to
reorient like I need to like watch
what's around me I need to see how the
other living things in this space are
breathing and and you know operating
here
um and you know try to do my part to not
be
you know as much as I can to not be a
damaging actor within that ecosystem
um and you know that is maybe not
necessarily possible at this at this
moment you know I live in a place where
there's electricity that uses gasoline
in order you know fossil fuels are being
burned in order to keep my laptop on at
this moment
um and you know that's something we
constantly have to Grapple with
um but I don't know that that feels like
something really tangible and practical
to hold on to to start approaching
something that feels so much more
wholesome
um and the benefits beings other than
myself
foreign
I'm curious to have it at it you know
like
amacaba is in development and it's such
a beautiful vision and you know
something again speaking in in Practical
terms you know one thing you know we're
talking about in this Festival this this
week we're talking about so many
abstract ideas about what it means to be
in a world and I love amacaba because it
is so rooted in something real
um you know like you're taking all these
ideas and you're employing them in
practice and it is just so amazing to to
see
um what is your you know you talked
about you you know we saw this a little
bit in the video um but what is your
larger vision for amacaba like where do
you want to take it and how do you see
it you know Finding shape I'd love to
learn more about you know how this will
come you know
maybe that's a hard question right now I
mean you're still working on it
you know like what happens in between
division is all there you know that's
easy you know the steps are hard
uh but I think it's like all
things that grow you know and that are
created
and are meant to live and die you know
it has different phases so it will
transform and shift and I hope that a
Macabre is going to become something
that I can't even yet fathom so that's
what I I wish for it you know that now
I'm not even in a state really
understand how Wild it might be you know
and maybe it's something that many
generations are gonna work for and swoop
so maybe I'm just planting the seed it's
gonna go until all it can like for the
rest of my life and then continue you
know yeah but for now you know for
my commitment to it you know I really
wanted to be a
you know like
maybe this one like a place where we can
just
be held you know
in our transitions in our
transformations
you know
seeking you know almost like inner
yearnings that we all like have you know
it's like and you know many people are
out there like seeking something wanting
you know like knowing that there is more
you know in life than uh what you know
the general kind of
life work tool that we should have you
know and I wanted to be a space for
those for The Seekers
so how do you put like um
Beyond life beyond matter
not to be guided because that's
it's not a it's not easy Journey you
know to release the bondage of the earth
I mean
okay I'm not gonna go too much into but
it's it's hard you know you need to be
guided you know so a place for this in a
way a space of like initiation for like
sickles so that's really the
the vision but then I know that's going
to be for certain
I don't want to say audience but certain
kind of people not everybody is going to
engage with a Macabre the same way
because it also it's going to be open so
for some it's maybe more about like um
like ecological you know awareness or
Consciousness or being engaged with the
farm with like the Amazonian Forest as
an entity as an ecosystem as a
as a space to be preserved to be
loved you know and to learn from you
know whether it's like farming whether
it's like researching insects you know
or any you know anything and being
involved of course with indigenous
people here like different cultures I
mean French Guyana is very complex in
terms of like communities so there's a
lot of
also healing that must happen there you
know in a transmission you know
interculturally and intergenerational
generationally and then there's all the
the
maybe other people are gonna come for
more like um
I don't know uh for the best you know
for
for this for like any kind of like
transition that one goes through you
know for initiation from the first
period maybe you know like celebration
for that your daughter just have their
period you don't know what to do you
know we'll do a ritual something for her
to honor the transition so that's what I
see you know the place where
you know we are trying to build now or
design like a garden for like a woman
Garden you know with all like the plants
for like women at different stages like
okay menstruation plants for
fermentation plans for like menopause
plants for pregnancy for like the young
the newborn for
lactation you know where they'll be
always like people to advise us because
that's the thing or kind of a generation
that don't know you know we many of us
have don't have the Grandma's great
grandmas who have those knowledge
because it exists in all countries you
know it's kind of
somehow not everywhere some you know
cultures are
fortunes to still have that transmission
but a lot of us don't so to have a place
where you can ask those questions we're
like okay like you know what can I do I
feel this I felt that I'm ashamed that
to know is it normal is it what or
for some things more like yeah medicinal
more
maybe or more spiritual maybe okay I see
things I hear things is it normal I'm
angry I'm getting crazy you know so
different or maybe some people is just
hey you know like uh I love cacao you
know can I come and help from the farm
or like a whole thing Vibe so there's
one thing for everybody depending on
what you're looking for you know yeah so
that's how I see it or maybe there's a
hidden agenda and there's a front agent
um
maybe I shouldn't see this is this going
online
don't worry I mean I've been checking
out our stream at um and we're getting
some really nice comments from Rosa
menkman Sammy healer and more
um who are just loving this conversation
I'm really sorry but we have to clip it
short because this is all the time that
we have today
um thank you so much Tabitha for being
here so special
um and I'm just you know I'm just so
impressed by what you're up to to how on
one final note how can the audience
support you and support amacaba going
forward I'd love to you know share some
resources so people can connect with
with what you're doing
I mean they can send me an email visit
our website you know then you can it
depends what you have to share you know
I mean we accept for sure you know
donation but then also like prayers or
do a an offering first in every any like
water bodies around you you know like uh
just you know yes whatever you can offer
will receive is uh this much love you
know and they just connect me if you
want to come help out you know or
anything will be welcome to have you
don't say that Tabitha because
like yes Ryan but you know
it's not yet fully open you know but who
so you can put the I have on my email
like a tab for like volunteers because
lots of people are asking can I come
volunteer and I'm like okay put them on
desktop so as soon as we open I'm gonna
reach out to everybody okay amazing
amazing
beautiful thank you so much it's a
pleasure to hear more of your project
and speak with you
by your press truly truly so so special
nice blessings bye
[Music]